This is great!
Them blowing themselves up from inside?
That'll make things a lot easier for us.
Absolutely, sir.
It seems everything's going smoothly.
ANSP DIRECTOR EUN CHANG-SU
If this last one thing's taken care of,
it'll really be all good.
What is it, sir?
Is there something bothering you?
HANKUK CENTRAL MEDICAL CENTER
VIP ROOM
What do we do about Eun?
If he wakes up, we'll be in trouble.
Because he must know who shot him.
Honey! No…
You can't leave me behind like this.
Our Yeong-ung is only nine years old now.
And our dear Yeong-u
was killed by those bastards too.
If you die too…
Hello?
Mr. Nam, it's Choi again.
Tae-il.
You should turn on MBS News right now.
MBS News?
The longer he is in shock
due to excessive bleeding,
the less likely he is to survive.
So we can't
be sure yet if he's going to make it.
That means he may not make it.
-My goodness. That's such a shame.
-Honey, no!
I don't think
we have to do anything to get rid of him.
Don't worry.
Okay, I understand.
-Honey!
-Goodness.
DIRECTOR EUN CHANG-SU
IN CRITICAL CONDITION
-I feel so bad for him.
-You can't die like this.
He's always put our country and people
before his family, you know.
The password is
your birthday.
If anything goes wrong, I'm dead meat.
Literally. You know that, right?
God, don't be such a coward.
You said you looked into it too.
Yes.
There really is a fund manager
named Linda Young at ABK Partners.
See?
She's the precious person my fortuneteller
told me about. He can't be wrong.
What about the company bankbook and seal?
I opened it in a rush as you said, but
why do we need a corporate bank account?
It's such a huge amount of money.
So we'll send the money abroad
as if this corporate is investing
in the paper company.
Then the paper company will invest
the money in the private equity fund.
This won't do. I'll go with you.
The Chief of the ANSP OPC
should be present so that they can't--
You can't be serious!
Do you want everyone to know
you're using the ANSP secret fund?
You're right.
The company's
in the name of Ms. Kim, right?
Of course. In the name of Kim Ye-ni.
I got to say,
you're as clever as Hannibal.
It's like you knew this would happen
and hired a Korean-American
as your secretary. You're amazing.
Stop saying silly things.
Just a week.
In just a week,
we will make 90 million dollars.
That's 71.3 billion won!
All you need to do is
buy me one week's time.
Okay?
Don't worry.
Nam Tae-il told me to take my time
before sending the money.